README.md, before:

# _{Application Name}_

#### _{Brief description of application}, {Date of current version}_

#### By _**Noah Yasskin**_

## Description

_{This is a detailed description of your application. Its purpose and usage.  Give as much detail as needed to explain what the application does, and any other information you want users or other developers to have. }_

## Specifications (Specs)

| behavior 	| input 	| output 	|
|----------	|-------	|--------	|
| output...	|       	|        	|
| output... |       	|        	|
| output... |       	|        	|

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a simple Web application_
* _It should run in most modern browsers_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_{Are there issues that have not yet been resolved that you want to let users know you know?  Outline any issues that would impact use of your application.  Share any workarounds that are in place. }_

## Support and contact details

_{Let people know what to do if they run into any issues or have questions, ideas or concerns.  Encourage them to contact you or make a contribution to the code.}_

## Technologies Used

* _HTML and CSS_
* _JavaScript and jQuery_

### License

* _Licensed under MIT_

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Noah Yasskin, Epicodus 2016_**

Commit message:

add specs and description to README.md

README.md, after:

# _Order Pizza_

#### _A Website for a pizza company, June 17, 2016_

#### By _**Noah Yasskin**_

## Description

_An Epicodus Student Project_
[Epicodus] (http://epicodus.com/ "Order Pizza") 

_Order Pizza: User Interface_
* _A website for a pizza company where a user can choose one or more individual toppings (cheese, pepperoni, artichoke, anchovy, etc) and a size to order a pizza and see the final cost. Allows the user to choose toppings and size for the pizza they'd like to order._
* _Styled with CSS and images._

_Order Pizza: Business Logic_
* _Creates a pizza object constructor in JavaScript with properties for toppings and size._
* _Creates a prototype method for the cost of a pizza depending on the selections chosen. Uses a proprietary formula for this.

_Order Pizza: Stage Two: Business Logic (Some of these may be offered in the future)_
* _Allows users to order more than one pizza with different toppings._
* _Displays the list of pizzas ordered as links that can be clicked for details._
* _Offer a delivery option that then requires address information._

## Specifications (Specs)

| Behavior                                                      	| Input 	| Output 	|
|----------	|-------	|--------	|
| Website allows users to choose pizza toppings 	| [*Cheese / *Pepperoni...]  | "Your Pizza: Cheese ..." |
| Website allows users to choose multiple pizza toppings 	| [*Cheese / *Pepperoni ...]  | "Your Pizza: Cheese & Pepperoni ..." |
| Website allows users to choose pizza size |  *Sm. / *Med. / *Lg. | "Your Pizza: Lg. Cheese & Pepperoni" |
| Output a final cost | * Cheese ($0), *Pepperoni ($2), *Med ($12). | "Your Pizza Costs $14" |
| Website allows users to order more than one pizza | [2 pizzas] | "Pizza 1: Cheese & Pepperoni", "Pizza 2: Cheese & Ham" |
|  |       	|        	|
| / * indicates a choice the user can select from multiple options |       	|        	|


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _This is a simple Web application_
* _It should run in most modern browsers that have JavaScript enabled_


## Known Bugs

_No known bugs_

## Support and contact details

_If you run into any issues or have questions, ideas or concerns, I encourage you to contact me or make a contribution to the code._

## Technologies Used

* _HTML and CSS_
* _JavaScript and jQuery_

### License

* _Licensed under MIT_

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Noah Yasskin, Epicodus 2016_**
